I purchase the tickets.
Okay, so my payment is successful.
I can go to my transaction history.
So I bought 4 different, I mean,
I bought 4 different tickets,
so I get receipts for each and every one
of them in case I want to share it.
with my friends or any other person that
wants to use any of the tickets
individually. So this is, these are the...
the separate tickets or receipts for the
full that I bought. Yes,
so this is the flow for the ticketing
feature.
If there are any questions or any
feedback, or can you take them? Of course,
there is an email.
That confirms my pitches as well,
right here.
from the service provider as well.
Yes, so this is what we have currently.
If there are any questions or feedback,
kindly take them. Esther.
Yeah, so I think Gerald has an app.
Gerald, please go ahead.
Yeah,
can I see the email notification again,
Rupert?
Okay, this is the email I received.
I think it's from Mojo.
Is there a QR code in there or is it just
a text?
Yes,
I think the email is not rendering the QR
code very well, so you can see the,
I mean, the data over here.
Yeah,
so that's supposed to be an entire QR
code.
Take your outlook, OK.
Hello, Iqbal.
That, that's not it;
we have a look at that.
Sure, okay. Can we,
are you going to show us the backend
setup as well?
I'm afraid,
I think Define would be the best,
would be the one to best have it. I mean,
speak on that. I am mostly on the UI.
OK, alright.
Yes, thanks.
I think we can go ahead with other things.
Divine should be with us shortly. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yes,
and I was also thinking for the agenda of
the meeting, Esther,
you may have to direct so that Eagle
Ticket can also give us the node of what
we have been able to integrate and then
we can take the rest later.
We may proceed. Thank you.
Hello, Esther.
Yes, hello.
Thank you.
Yeah, can you go ahead?
Yes, so that is the, that is the, I mean,
that is the flow for the ticket feature.
OK, Prince order quick one.
A divinenana.
Yes,
and they ordered the the they go to kids
team members, I don't wanna go,
let me check.
Yes, they on the call.
The on the call, yes, so if they can, yes,
we just tried the Prince,
Yes.
you were able to complete this
transaction, right?
Yes, please. I think I've received the...
Yes, you can do.
I don't know yet.
Yeah, that's fine. Go back,
go back to the transaction if you.
Go to user transactions.
Okay.
Click on good. So,
can they check on their side if that
tests this transaction this test
transaction we did is reflected on their
side?
Give them the bill reference,
the reference you see down there.
If they can also check from their side,
once they can see it from their side,
we are good.
Okay.
Hi, George and team,
are you able to see the transaction
reference?
No, I think this meeting,
we're just looking at the flow of what
you've done.
You send us a transaction reference,
we'll look at it and revert on that,
not on this call now.
Just trying to understand what you've
done.
Well, well noted.
Okay,
so then I think that's that is all in
terms of the integration,
unless we we have missed out anything,
Phone.
yeah.
For my purposes,
can you just rehash it again?
I think I wasn't seeing your screen.
I didn't want to hold anybody back,
but I cannot see it.
So if you can just go to...
Okay, Prince that all over.
Opoku.
Okay,
this is the landing page for the
ticketing feature.
So we have the section where you can see
the list of events that you can purchase
a ticket from.
So for the purpose of this demo,
we have this test event over here.
Click on it, it will take you to the
the event details page where you can see
all the relevant information about the
event.
And then we have the type of ticket.
So currently we have the general
admission and then the VIP type.
And then when you click on any of the
ticket type,
you get the privilege to select
or provide a quantity that you want over
here.
And then as and when you add or reduce,
the system calculates the total amount
payable for you on the fly.
So I'm going to proceed to purchase this.
Currently,
I'm buying two of this general admission
type of ticket.
And then I'm going to pay with my loyalty
account.
So I click,
I get a summary of what I am purchasing,
and then I confirm a payment.
So,
that that is the end-to-end flow - does
Okay.
it work for you?
Hold on,
is this flow from the API integration we
shared?
Exactly. So the first point, Prince,
can you go back to the landing page?
Mm.
Yeah.
So the first point,
this part where the events are happening,
we call all the get all events to display
all the events.
I think for the test API that we're
giving, it just displays one.
We just have one item in the test.
So that's how come you see one event.
Now when you click on it, we call.
Yes, I know.
Yes, when you click on it,
record the details,
that's the second service to display the
details of the event.
And then the ticket types, you know,
the event,
you have a ticket array and that you have
general and then VIP are reading directly,
we are reading directly for that array so
that
For scenarios where you adapt to it or
you take out from it,
it is not all the tickets that may have
VIP or it is not all the tickets that may
have general, you know.
So because we are reading directly from
the API, you have,
we have these two for this test event.
And then when you click on that
particular ticket type,
that's where you are purchasing.
So then you can increase the quantity,
the number of tickets you are buying.
And then we call the calculates bill,
you know.
If.
The.
That's one ticket type an event.
that will be charging the customer.
So that is normally on your site.
So we add up and then once that
transaction is done, it's successful now,
and then we send you the buy ticket.
That's the last endpoint.
That's when we get to send you the
feedback.
on your site for you to know that, okay,
this is the number of tickets have been
purchased. In terms of the settlement,
there is going to be a merchant portal
that is going to be given to you, okay,
because all the settlements will be
sitting with a module. So they would
Create. There's going to be a test portal.
There's a merchant portal that we give to
all the merchants that we onboard.
So on that portal,
Sure.
you can see basically all the
transactions also.
Okay, I think my...
The.
The flew my concern was,
so how is the ticket dispatched?
Sorry.
I was asking,
how is the ticket dispatched?
His vehicle ticket is the one dispatching
the ticket or...
Yeah, so most of the tests that...
Yes, normally when we do the test,
I think now we don't receive the mail.
Initially, when we do a test,
you notice that they send you an email.
Eagle Ticket sends an email with the
details of the tickets to the customer.
So on that side that we remit,
we transfer,
we call the buy ticket to your side.
At that point,
we've handed over to Eagle Ticket.
And then the customer receives the
details of the tickets in their mail,
and they can proceed to the event.
Okay, okay, okay.
Alright.
Yeah.
Okay,
because when I was looking at the flow,
I saw that each ticket had its QR code
and an email was sent that was supposed
to include a QR ticket.
I don't know of the latest changes that
Alfred has made on the API,
but what I know is that historically,
when the purchase goes through,
ego ticket is the one that dispatches the
ticket via SMS and via email,
but I can see...
From the floor,
the gentleman exhibited an email that is
sent in the name of Mojo Pay, right,
with the ticket details. So I was,
and I think Alfred would have been the
best person to answer from outside,
but he's currently not available.
I was just wondering if that QR code that
you guys would be sending would match
ours, because at the end of the day,
that is what would be scanned at the gate.
So we wouldn't want two different QR
codes.
You know,
the client should receive two different
QR codes.
You would want the same one that he or
she can just use to scan at the gate.
But as I said, I don't know,
maybe your guy can answer because he's
played with our API a bit.
Maybe it could be that the same QR code
is being issued,
but it's a question and unless I had.
S.
OK, if you, if can you see my screen?
Yeah, I can see your screen.
Yes,
so initially these were the sort of
emails that we're getting from ego
tickets. That's when the...
the customer buys the tickets at the end
of the day when we push to your site. OK,
Mm.
but when we call the buy ticket endpoint,
let me.
Ohh.
The response of that.
Okay, we could see that. Okay,
so what we can do is, if you can check my,
if you can see my screen,
we see this ticket URL.
Can we display this? I'm not sure if this,
let me.
Then we can add this to our mail to the.
see this image, how it's going to display.
So, this is what you have.
Yeah.
Yes, yes,
this this tickets and then the QR code,
Do you please?
Okay, this one, yeah.
Okay, okay, all right. Okay,
so we can append this,
yeah.
we can add this to our, what's the name,
the mail that we send to our customers,
but then I know that you guys also send.
Like your default email to the customer,
because we are providing the the email,
and...
Yes.
Yeah,
so there's no problem with you sending
the link for them to know that, okay,
this is where the ticket is.
Club.
Yeah.
I'm just like your checkout had some QR
codes and I'm just wondering if that is
I.
supposed to be like an
Hey.
confirmation message that your ticket has
been purchased because we don't want to
confuse the customer at the end of the
day, you know,
that you get to the gate and then open a
key route that shows that he has paid
when that's.
He can just show the care out to enter
the venue, you know,
so as much as possible,
I think we just need to streamline on
that side so that there's very little
confusion for the end consumer.
I think I understand where you're coming
from. Gerald,
so where is Gerald on the call? So,
Gerald,
so you know we have our default QR codes.
OK,
Yeah.
Yes.
now Eagle Ticket is also having its own,
so we need to find a way to either
display the display the two for.
Go ticket somehow,
we need to be on it or replace it,
but we know the QR code that belongs to
us is 7 year customer base,
and this is a different QR code. So,
how do you want us to?
Yes.
You.
Yeah,
I think it is something that I would have
The.
to discuss and then I'll be on and get
back. Yeah.
Internal, okay.
All right.
Sure, because I think to add to that,
I think on your side,
because you are processing the payment
and settling,
what customers need to do is that their
payments have been successful and
collected.
And then the ticket information is...
Well, we provided you a gift today,
if I'm clear on that.
Yes, yes, George, yes, George.
You, yeah.
So, we would, like Gerald said,
would engage on that internally,
and then we will know how to reposition
that, that those QR calls.
No problem.
Okay.
Okay, all right, bye.
That, that's me.
So when do we, so next step,
when do we receive the live APIs?
Excellent.
The live APIs and the credentials.
I'm not sure if...
Kwaku has the agreement and all those
things beside, or we have to wait for it.
We are now going to move into that phase.
We wanted to get to this time testing of
Yeah.
this API. So, George,
I guess we will now go into engagement
Okay.
with commercials and then see the next
steps.
Sure, sure. Um, well,
I do lead on it from our side,
so we'll do that.
Okay, I...
Once,
once testing has been has been completed,
I think.
We will just have to close the
commercials, and then...
Live API keys should be given,
but you can.
Yeah,
so we can agree the commercials and then
once that is agreed,
we can provide you the live API keys.
I just wanted to ask one question. So,
so far we've looked at the web interface
and others.
Is there plans to extend to your
Mobile app, or what was the idea?
Oh yes,
we will be extending this to the mobile
app also. We want to,
we are focusing on this to release it,
see how it goes for like a week,
and they will update the app.
Good day, good day, good day,
good to get here.
Mm.
Okay. Okay. Okay. No problem. No problem.
So we can definitely discuss the
Okay.
commercials after the call. You know,
we'll take it from there.
All right, thank you.
Esther, I think that will be all,
unless there are any other comments.
All right.
If there are no other comments or
suggestions, I think we can.
Those for the day.
All right.